In the last lecture I explained how we could get the token and that would work,
nothing wrong with that
but let me show you a different and more reusable way.
In my auth action file, I want to create a new action which I'll name auth get token, something like
that,
I don't expect arguments here,
the idea here is to in the end kind of return a token.
So I will return dispatch here, return a function, so as we always do if we want to run some side effects
and now here's some cool feature you can use when working with redux thunk,
you can actually return a promise here and that will later be very useful.
So what I want to do here is here I want to get the token,
so here I will not only get dispatch but also get state.
And here I then want to get token by accessing get state auth token, if the token is not true-ish,
then I will return here and if it is true-ish, I will also return but I will return the token.
However what I will do is I will use a promise for all this, so I'll create my own promise with new promise,
that is supported by react native,
a promise takes a function as an argument to the constructor,
this function in turn has two arguments, resolve and reject
which in turn are functions we can execute inside the promise to resolve or reject the promise.
And now inside the promise function here, I can execute the code here to get the token
and if we got no token, I'll recall reject here,
optionally you pass some error message, else
I will call resolve here and resolve the token we got.
Now this promise approach has one big advantage,
we can now use auth get token as a helper function so to say, from anywhere in our application.
Now let me show you how that would work,
first of all I export it, so I'll export this auth get token here in index.js and then in places.js,
I will import it from there,
so there I will import auth get token.
Now back to get places, here
I can now first of all dispatch auth get token like this
but now since we returned a promise there, what's actually supported by redux thunk is that we chain a
then call here and a catch block.
Now the catch block will be triggered if we get no valid token,
so here I will throw an alert,
no valid token found.
In the then block however, we do get the token,
so here is where I want to send this fetch request,
so here I will return fetch since that returns another promise and attach this auth query parameter
which uses the token
I retrieved in auth get token. And now all the other steps here can simply be chained after this first
catch block which should handle token errors only and with that, we should have a working get places
function,
the cool thing is that we can easily reuse this whenever we need to get the token and it will be even
more helpful later in the course as you will see.
So let's see if that approach works, let's reload
the app and let's try logging in here
and we get an error because I made one mistake.
This would all work
but in my auth action creator, I do create the promise,
well I also need to return it.
So now with that in place, if we do return it, let's reload the application and let's login again
and now you see we get no error and we can find the places indeed. So this is now working and now we get
this really reuseable way of getting the token,
so in places we can for example also use it to delete a place,
all I have to do is I will dispatch auth get token and then call then here
get the token here and then proceed
and I also only want to remove the place locally if we got a token because otherwise the backend request
will fail anyway so no need in trying it.
I will then also add my fetch block and return this here as a promise,
I will also append my token here, so auth equals plus token at the end
and of course I also want to add
this first catch block where I catch token errors.
So I do this right before this
then block here, catch alert no valid token found and thereafter, we can copy all the old code and simply
chain it
after our first request.
Now this is how this looks now, we dispatch auth get token,
catch any token errors, then we get the token
if we don't have an error, then we dispatch remove place to remove it locally, then we send the request
and then we do the rest with the request. And the same of course also for add places,
there we also can now
dispatch auth get token, call then
and of course also call catch, so let's copy the same catch block we used before maybe, like this and
in the then block
here, we got the token in this function,
I now want to start loading,
well actually I want to do this first before everything maybe.
So in this function, I just want to send my fetch request, return the result
of it
and of course
hmm, this is actually targeting the cloud functions and not my firebase database.
So this is different here,
we'll have to revisit this.
So for now leave it as it but be aware that this will fail because for cloud functions, it's up to us
to write our own logic on how we check for authentication or not,
it's totally decoupled of any rules we set up for our firebase database, our cloud function can have its
own logic and we will need to add this logic.
So for now, add place will not work as expected,
get places will though and delete places also will work. The rest,
well that is something we'll have to work on and we'll do that in the next lecture.